v0.25: api keys: guides, settings, options (#1316)
meilisearch/documentation: reference/features/configuration.md

**Default value**: `None`
**Expected value**: an alphanumeric string

> Sets the instance's master key, automatically protecting all routes except [`GET /health`](/reference/api/health.md). It gives access to the [`/keys` endpoint](/reference/api/keys.md) allowing you to create, update, and delete API keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sets the instance's master key, automatically protecting all routes except [`GET /health`](/reference/api/health.md). This means you will need an API key to access endpoints such as `POST /search` and `GET /documents`. [You can read more about security keys in MeiliSearch in our dedicated guide.](/reference/features/security.md)
```
